h2. Abstract

Theming of the speedometer is carried out via theme objects defined into a separate javascript
file, then included in the HTML source and then referenced in the constructor.

The theme name is specified into the theme file, with the following scheme: <code>Speedometer.themes.NAME</code>.

You can name your theme by using any allowed javascript variable name (e.g. letters, numbers, and underscores).

*Example*:

h3. <code>themes/wonderful.js</code>

<pre><code>Speedometer.themes.my_wonderful_theme = {
  /* .... */
}
</code></pre>

h3. <code>speedometer.html</code>

<pre><code><script type="text/javascript" src="themes/wonderful.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript">
  var speedometer = new Speedometer({ element: 'antani', theme: 'my_wonderful_theme' });
</script>
</code></pre>

h2. Default theme, name specification

You can find the default theme into `themes/default.js`, and here follows:

<pre><code>Speedometer.themes.default = {
  dial       : 'Gray',
  rim        : 'SlateGray',
  rimArc     : 'Gainsboro',
  thresh     : 'LawnGreen',
  center     : 'Black',
  nose       : 'SlateGray',
  hand       : 'Black',
  handShine  : 'SlateGray',
  handShineTo: 'Black',
  ticks      : 'Black',
  marks      : 'Black',
  strings    : 'Black',
  digits     : 'Black',
  font       : 'Sans-Serif'
};
</code></pre>

h2. Contributing themes

New themes are, of course, gladly accepted! You can send them to "me":http://github.com/vjt via message via github, using a "gist":http://gist.github.com, drop me a note via e-mail ("vjt@openssl.it":mailto:vjt@openssl.it), or even using "IP over Pigeon":http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IP_over_Avian_Carriers.

Thanks in advance! :)
